18yo
10 days



DESCRIPTION
The PADI Divemaster course is a professional training program designed to teach you how to lead and mentor other divers. It is the first step in your diving career and provides you with knowledge, skills, and abilities to supervise scuba diving activities and assist with scuba classes. As a divemaster, you will become a role model to divers around the world and share your passion for scuba diving with others.



MAIN INFO
To earn your Divemaster rating, you need to complete a series of knowledge development sessions, water skill workshops, and hands-on assessments covering various topics such as dive safety and risk management, awareness of the dive environment, mapping an open water site, conducting dive briefings, and organizing search and recovery projects and deep dives. You must also have Rescue Diver certification, 40 logged dives, CPR and First Aid certification within 24 months, and medical clearance to dive..

The PADI Divemaster course is the first level of professional training that allows you to lead others, supervise scuba diving activities, and assist with diver training. As a divemaster, you can work at a faraway dive destination or a local dive shop, and the adventure of a lifetime awaits you. PADI Divemasters are respected dive professionals who are aligned with the largest and most respected dive organization in the world - PADI.

If you are interested in taking the PADI Divemaster course, you can start with the PADI Introduction to Divemaster program, which introduces you to the concepts, skills, and knowledge necessary to join the ranks of PADI Professionals worldwide. This program is free, and you can decide if you want to complete your training at your local PADI Dive Center, Resort, or with your favorite PADI Instructor.

In addition to the Divemaster course, your PADI instructor may offer specialty courses like PADI Deep Diver and Search and Recovery Diver to help you meet all requirements and broaden your abilities. You may also get college credit for the Divemaster course.

Overall, the PADI Divemaster course is an excellent opportunity to turn your passion for scuba diving into a rewarding career while gaining leadership and mentoring skills to help others enjoy the sport as much as you do.

PROGRAM INCLUDES

12l tanks
Diving equipment
weights
bottled water

PROGRAM EXCLUDES
Underwater photos and videos
Snacks and drinks
towels
dive computer


pricing

Dive master course 1320eu
Dive computer -15
Underwater photo and Video -15
lost mask -50eu


kartica
The PADI Divemaster course is a professional training program designed to teach you how to lead and mentor other divers.