12yo
2-3 days





DESCRIPTION
The PADI Rescue Diver course is a transformative experience for any scuba diver. By taking this course, you will learn how to identify and fix minor issues before they turn into major problems, which will give you the confidence to handle almost any underwater scenario. In addition to improving your navigation skills, the course will make you a better dive buddy and prepare you for enrolling in a divemaster course.




MAIN INFO
Through home study and practical skill training with a PADI instructor, you'll learn how to help other divers, fix minor gear issues, and use emergency oxygen kits. The course is flexible and performance-based, so you'll have plenty of opportunities to practice basic rescue skills and demonstrate your ability to apply them in open water.

The water training sessions are serious fun, and you'll practice handling scenarios such as a leg cramp and assisting a tired diver through role-playing exercises with your instructor.

The course requires a total time commitment of 2-3 days and is open to anyone 12 years or older. By completing the PADI Rescue Diver course, you'll gain the skills and confidence to handle almost any underwater emergency. You'll learn how to think like a rescue diver and shift your focus from yourself to others.

The course is different from anything you have done in your dive career to date, and countless divers say that it is their favorite scuba course. Don't miss out on the opportunity to transform your diving experience and become a better, more confident dive buddy. Sign up for the PADI Rescue Diver course today!


PROGRAM INCLUDES

total of 5 dives
12l tank
Diving equipment
weights
bottled water

PROGRAM EXCLUDES
Underwater photos and videos
Snacks and drinks
towels
dive computer


pricing

Rescue diver course 550eu
Dive computer -15
Underwater photo and Video -15
lost mask -50eu

kartica
The PADI Rescue Diver course is a transformative experience for any scuba diver. By taking this course, you will learn how to identify and fix minor issues before they turn into major problems, which will give you the confidence to handle almost any underwater scenario.